the West. The best way to be happy with your time in the service is just
make sure that you're enjoying what you're doing. If you find yourself
after a while, just not really enjoying what you're doing. You're
coming into work day to day. And maybe you've tried to make changes
and it just doesn't know is not making a difference in that. Then
perhaps it's time for you to look at a different avenue to go down.
This isn't for you. You've been disenchanted and you no longer want
to be in the service. But more than likely, you're gonna be able to
find opportunities to stay happy and always find kind of the silver
linings and everything that you're doing and understand that the work
that you're doing is bigger than yourself. And there's a purpose
and a point toe why you're here.